c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\FYP_SmartHomeWCF.dll.config
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\FYP_SmartHomeWCF.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\FYP_SmartHomeWCF.pdb
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\obj\Debug\FYP_SmartHomeWCF.dll
c:\users\harri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\FYP_SmartHomeWCF\obj\Debug\FYP_SmartHomeWCF.pdb
